Power Automate Tutorial Improvements (#150)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/tutorials/excel-tutorial.md

# Record, edit, and create Office Scripts in Excel on the web

This tutorial teaches you the basics of recording, editing, and writing an Office Script for Excel on the web. You'll be recording a script that applies some formatting to a sales record worksheet. You'll then edit the script created by your recording to apply more formatting, create a table, and sort that table.

> Completing the tutorial gives you practice recording your actions and making small edits to those recordings. This record-then-edit pattern lets you see the changes you're making to your workbook in code form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Completing the tutorial gives you practice recording your actions and making small edits to those recordings. The record-then-edit pattern in this tutorial shows you how your workbook changes appear in code.
```
